# File Structure - HTML

This framework uses Nunjucks Rendering to create HTML files during it's build prcoess. You can learn more about Nunjucks by reading their documentation <a href="https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/">here</a>

Navigate to `resources/html/pages` to see the HTML entry point for each banner, generated by the scaffolding process. We will quickly walk through each section in this file. 

### Set Banner-Specific Information

```html
{% set banner = "sample-standard-banner" %}
{% set width = 160 %} 
{% set height = 600 %}
{% from "./links.html" import link, closeLink, enabler %}
```

The first three lines are setting properties within the <head> component and adding the name of the banner as a class to the banner-container.

The fourth line is importing Macros to build either standard links or doubleclick links depending on the build process which is run. When `gulp develop` or `gulp build` is run, it will import the macros from `resources/html/macros/dataLinks/links.html`. When `gulp develop:doubleclick` or `gulp build:doubleclick` is run, it will import the macros from `resources/html/macros/dcLinks/links.html`. 

### Extending Layouts

```html
<!-- In Standard Banners -->
{% extends "layout.html" %}

<!-- In Static Banners -->
{% extends "layout-static.html" %}

<!-- In Expanding Banners -->
{% extends "layout-expanding.html %}
```

These three layout files can all be found within `resources/html/components`. You can edit these files for changes you would like to see across all banners of one type.

```html
{% block bannerClass %}{% endblock %}
```
As mentioned above, the name of the banner will be added as a class to the outer banner container. If you would like to add any more classes to this <div>, enter them in this block.

### Content Blocks

##### For Standard Banners - Main Content and ISI

```html
{% block content %}
  {% include './main-content.html' %}
  <!--enter page specific content here-->

{% endblock %}
```

```html
{% block isi %}
  {% include './isi.html' %}
{% endblock %}
```
All standard banners will include the content located in `resources/html/components/main-content.html`. The bulk of your HTML development will happen in this file.

All standard banners will also include the "Important Safety Information" content located in `resources/html/components/isi.html`. 

##### For Static Banners - Main Content

```html
{% block content %}
  {% include './main-content-static.html' %}
  <!--enter page specific content here-->

{% endblock %}
```
All static banners will include the content located in `resources/html/components/main-content-static.html`. The bulk of your HTML development will happen in this file.

Static banners typically do not include the Important Safety Information, which is why the "isi" block is excluded by default.

##### For Expanding Banners - Main Content and ISI Collapsed, Main Content and ISI Expanded

```html
{% block mainContentCollapsed %}
  {% include './main-content-collapsed.html' %}
  <!--enter page specific content here-->

{% endblock %}

{% block isiCollapsed %}
  {% include './isi.html' %}
{% endblock %}

{% block mainContentExpanded %}
  {% include './main-content-expanded.html' %}
  <!--enter page specific content here-->

{% endblock %}

{% block isiExpanded %}
  {% include './isi.html' %}
{% endblock %}
```

The required structure for an expanding banner is to have one main panel, with a collapsed panel and expanded panel inside of it. Typically, the main content of your collapsed banner and your expanded banner will be different, so each block is pulling in a different file (either `resources/html/components/main-content-collapsed.html` or `resources/html/components/main-content-expanded.html`. 

Often your ISI will be identical on both, which is why both the collapsed ISI block and expanded ISI block are pulling in the same file by default. 
