### File Structure - HTML

Navigate to `resources/html/pages` to see the HTML entry point for each banner, generated by the scaffolding process.

```html
{% set banner = "sample-standard-banner" %}
{% set width = 160 %} 
{% set height = 600 %}
{% from "./links.html" import link, closeLink, enabler %}
```

This framework uses Nunjucks Rendering to create HTML files during it's build prcoess. You can learn more about Nunjucks by reading their documentation <a href="https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/">here</a>

The first three lines are setting properties within the <head> component and adding the name of the banner as a class to the banner-container.

The fourth line is importing Macros from `resources/html/macros`. This is what will build standard links or doubleclick links depending on the build process which is run.

```html
<!-- In Standard Banners -->
{% extends "layout.html" %}

<!-- In Static Banners -->
{% extends "layout-static.html" %}

```

All standard banners are extending `resources/html/components/layout.html`. 

All static banners are extending `resources/html/components/layout-static.html`.

You can edit this file for changes you would like to see on all standard banners.

```html
{% block bannerClass %}{% endblock %}
```
As mentioned above, the name of the banner will be added as a class to the outer banner container. If you would like to add any more classes to this <div>, enter them in this block.

```html
{% block content %}

{% include './main-content.html' %}
<!--enter page specific content here-->

{% endblock %}
```

All standard banners will include the content located in `resources/html/components/main-content.html`. The bulk of your HTML development will happen in this file.

```html
{% block isi %}
  {% include './isi.html' %}
{% endblock %}
```

All standard banners will include the "Important Safety Information" content located in `resources/html/components/isi.html`. 


Next, this banner is extending an HTML layout. By default:
* Standard banners will extend `resources/html/components/layout.html`
* Static banners will extend `resources/html/components/layout-static.html`
* Expanding banners will extend `resources/html/components/layout-expanding.html`
